the Samsung Galaxy s4 you want to be
able to delete your Picasa album off
your gallery because it's a just
annoying and a nuisance it's two steps
I'll show you how to remove it as well
as to reactivate it if you want it back
on your phone
two steps let me show you first so I'm
in my gallery and all these folders here
are part of the Picasa all these on the
bottom ones here I want to get rid of
them so first step you go into your
settings you want to click on Google
here your Gmail counts so let me click
on that let me have my email address and
then once you click on email address you
scroll all the way down and right here
it'll be checked what you want to do is
uncheck it and then you click on back
then once you click on back what you
want to do you're still in the settings
or you can go back into settings then
you what you want to do is click on more
and go to application manager now from
here what you do is you're going to
clear the cache and data in the gallery
so everything is enough alphabetical
border and just look for gallery oh I'm
sorry
Oh make sure you do this it says
download here what you want to do is
swipe that across now it's on running
make sure you put it to all now you want
to look for gallery and it's like I said
it's in alphabetical order ooh I just
saw it gallery and then you want to
clear the cache don't clear the data and
now it's gone go back to my gallery
and there you go all the stuff that was
on the bottom is all gone and now to
andreen Abel if you want all your stuff
back you simply do is you go back into
settings and you click on accounts and
you click on the your Gmail your Google
accounts again and then you simply go
back to your email address and then you
just recheck this again and then give it
a few minutes for it all download and
all your folders and files from Picasa
will be back on your phone and that's
pretty it it's pretty much it thanks